Adding more context to the `sub` information on the SSO tutorial (#625)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/tutorial/tutorial-sso-configuration.adoc

. The client (e.g., Bloom, Neo4j Browser, etc.) asks the user for credentials and contacts the identity provider.
. The identity provider responds with a JSON Web Token (JWT), a JSON file containing fields (claims) relative to the user (email, audience, groups, etc.).
. The client provides the server with the JWT, and the server verifies its signature with the JWKs.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> JWT must *always* contain a value for `sub`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JWTs must *always* contain a value for `sub` even when using a different claim for `username`.
```

It is the only claim guaranteed to be unique and stable. 

> Other claims, such as `email` or `preferred_username` may change over time and should *not* be used for authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other claims, such as `email` or `preferred_username` are less secure and may change over time. They should *not* be used for authentication.
```
